fix(DatePicker): allow month and year change even if date is disabled (#1319)
iTwin/iTwinUI: .changeset/orange-cats-yell.md

---
'@itwin/itwinui-react': patch
---

> DatePicker: allow year and month navigation in disabled range

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DatePicker will no longer disable month and year navigation when the next/previous months are disabled.
```

Author: Done, I think
